Update Interval Granularity (#1935)
buildkite/docs: pages/pipelines/scheduled_builds.md

The interval defines when the schedule will create builds. Schedules run in UTC time by default, and can be defined using either predefined intervals or standard crontab time syntax.

>🚧 Interval granularity

> > Buildkite only guarantees that scheduled builds will be run with 10 minutes of the scheduled time, and therefore does not support intervals less than 10 minutes.

Reviewer: - Typo: with -> within
- Making the sentence active.

```suggestion
> Buildkite only guarantees that scheduled builds run within 10 minutes of the scheduled time, and therefore does not support intervals less than 10 minutes.
```

Author: Thanks @mbelton-buildkite !
